docs: update 1.16 upgrade guide for ldap auth entity alias change (#26557)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.16.x.mdx

plugin process starts with `SOURCE=parent` and Vault reports a conflict for
`myplugin`.

### LDAP auth entity alias names no longer include upndomain

The `userattr` field on the LDAP auth config is now used as the entity alias.
Prior to 1.16, the LDAP auth method would detect if `upndomain` was configured
on the mount and then use `<cn>@<upndomain>` as the entity alias value.

> The consequence of not configuring this correctly means users may not have the
> correct policies attached to their tokens when logging in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consequence of not configuring this correctly means entity alias names will 
change between 1.15 and 1.16, which may result in additional aliases or missing policies 
on tokens.
```

Author: Thanks! I had automerge enabled but I will amend this in a follow up PR.
